PREVIOUSLY ON LOVE & HIP-HOP:
ATLANTA...
BEFORE, YOU WAS TALKING
ABOUT A LOVE AFFAIR
THAT YOU MAY BE CONCERNED WITH.
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT I'M SPEAKING OF?
I'VE HAD MY DOUBTS
ABOUT NIKKO A LITTLE BIT,
BUT I HAVEN'T TOLD ANYONE
ABOUT IT.
THAT'S SOMETHING
YOU DECIDED TO DO.
I DID IT BY MYSELF.
YEAH, YOU DID.
I GOT MYSELF KNOCKED UP.
OKAY.
YOU'RE STILL AT A STAGE
WHERE YOU CAN "X" THAT
RIGHT THERE OUT THE PICTURE.
YOU THINK THAT'S FUNNY?
DOES IT [bleep] FEEL
LIKE I'M BEING FUNNY?
HOW YOU FEELING, BABY?
TODAY, IT'S HAPPENING.
WE'RE SIGNING A DEAL
WITH A MAJOR INTERNATIONAL
LABEL.
YOU GOT A BETTER DEAL THAN A LOT
OF CATS THAT'S BEEN IN THE GAME
A LONG TIME.
I HAD YOUR HELP.
A LITTLE BIT.
YOUR GIRL CALLING ME BITCH,
GRANDPA, AND EVERYTHING.
Y'ALL [bleep] BACK AND FORTH.
Y'ALL PROSTITUTE, BITCH, ESCORT.
SO THEN WE AIN'T BROTHERS
NO MORE, THEN, I GUESS, RIGHT?
I'M COOL WITH THAT.
ALL RIGHT, SO THEN--
ALL RIGHT, SO THEN THAT'S
WHAT IT IS, THEN.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
IS YOUR PERCEPTION
IN THE MEDIA OVERALL,
THE DOMINANT PERCEPTION?
I THINK PEOPLE THINK
THAT I'M CRAZY.
SO MUCH OF IT IS NEGATIVE.
I DON'T CARE.
IT'S TIME FOR THE CHANGE.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA PLAY ME.
YOU INSIST ON BRINGING
BITCHES IN MY LIFE.
LISTEN TO YOU.
YOU WERE A PROSTITUTE
WHEN I MET YOU.
YOU'RE A BITCH.
WE FINISHED?
THE BITCHINESS IS--
I'LL BE A BITCH AND LEAVE.
THAT'S GOOD.
GOOD-BYE, GOOD-BYE.
BITCH.
I'MA MAKE MYSELF A STAR,
REGARDLESS, WITH HIM
OR WITHOUT HIM.
YOU'RE SIGNED FOR LIFE.
BYE.
COME TO DADDY.
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* YEAH
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* 'SUP ♪
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* HUH
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
* HUH
♪ THERE AIN'T NOTHING LIKE ♪
♪ HIP-HOP MUSIC
♪ MUSIC
* THIS IS THE LIFE
♪ THIS IS THE LIFE
ME AND STEVIE ARE FINITO,
OVER.
I GOT TO MAKE MY OWN MOVE.
BUT TO DO THAT, I STILL GOT TO
GET WHAT THAT [bleep] OWE ME
FOR MY INTERNATIONAL
RECORD DEAL.
WHAT'D YOU CALL ME FOR?
I WANT MY MONEY.
I NEED MY MONEY FROM THE ADVANCE
FROM THE DEAL.
I NEED MY MONEY,
WHAT BELONGS TO ME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I DON'T EVEN WANT TO FIGHT
WITH YOU ANYMORE.
I WANT YOU TO STAY AWAY.
LISTEN TO ME.
WHEN ME AND YOU FIGHT,
WHEN YOU GO [bleep] BITCHES
AND I BREAK UP WITH YOU,
GUESS WHAT.
I STILL HAVE TO WORK.
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO SIT AROUND
AND WAIT ON STEVIE.
'CAUSE STEVIE'S STICKING HIS
[bleep] IN SOMEBODY'S [bleep].
SEE, THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK.
LISTEN, I DON'T HAVE TIME.
OH, I KNOW YOU.
CHECK THIS OUT, SINCE
YOU WANT TO JOKE AND LAUGH.
WE DON'T HAVE NO DEAL.
WHAT YOU MEAN
WE AIN'T GOT NO DEAL?
WE DO NOT HAVE A DEAL.
WE DON'T GOT A DEAL
'CAUSE YOU GOT MAD AT ME
AND TOLD THEM THAT YOU DON'T
WANT TO SIGN THE DEAL?
WHAT IS THE REASON WHY
WE AIN'T GOT NO DEAL?
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
I OWN YOU.
WE'RE PARTNERS.
YOU DON'T OWN ME.
I OWN YOU,
AND I OWN OUR BUSINESS.
IT'S NOT GOING DOWN.
THE LABEL WANTED
TOO MUCH OF HER MONEY.
AND SINCE HER MONEY
IS MY MONEY,
I COULDN'T EVEN HAVE THAT.
SINCE JOSELINE WANT TO RUN
AROUND, ACT CRAZY,
AND TREAT ME LIKE A PUNK,
I'LL LET HER THINK
I PULLED THE DEAL AS PUNISHMENT
AND LET HER CHEW ON THAT
FOR A WHILE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE IF YOU STOPPED CHASING
[bleep] AROUND TOWN,
MAYBE YOU COULD GET MY DEALS
TO GO THROUGH THE CORRECT WAY.
MAYBE YOU CAN MAKE
SOMETHING HAPPEN.
WELL, CONTRARY
TO WHAT YOU'RE THINKING,
I AIN'T CHASING
NO [bleep] AROUND.
I'M NOT THIRSTY FOR NO [bleep].
I USED TO BELIEVE IN YOU
WHEN YOU WASN'T HANGING AROUND
TOWN, DEALING WITH BITCHES,
BUYING HOS TVs, [bleep] HOS,
STILL MESSING WITH
YOUR BABY MAMA,
LYING TO ME.
I'LL [bleep] YOU FOR 20 HOURS
STRAIGHT, LITERALLY.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE YOU START TO THINK
WHERE YOU CAN HAVE MORE SEX.
YOUR [bleep] NOT [bleep]?
I'M NOT ABOUT TO SIT HERE,
ARGUE WITH YOU ABOUT NO SEX
OR WHERE I GOT MY BEEFCAKE
AND LAYING PIPE AT.
YOU WANT TO [bleep] AROUND,
DO WHAT YOU'RE GONNA DO
AROUND TOWN,
COME BACK, NO DEAL.
SEE, THIS IS WHAT I GOT
TO DEAL WITH WHEN I GOT
NO [bleep] DEAL.
I GOT TO LISTEN TO THIS [bleep]
RIGHT HERE.
YOU'RE DAMN [bleep] RIGHT.
YOU'RE DAMN [bleep] SKIPPY.
IF I FIND OUT THAT STEVIE'S
[bleep] MY DEAL
BECAUSE HE'S [bleep] OFF
WITH THESE BITCHES,
TRICKING OFF,
THERE'S GONNA BE HELL TO PAY.
I'M ABOUT TO RELEASE
A DISS SONG ON K.MICHELLE.
SHE CALLED ME TO TALK,
SO I'M ASSUMING SHE HEARD ABOUT
IT SOMEWHERE IN THE STREETS.
BUT IF SHE DIDN'T,
I AIN'T GOT NO PROBLEMS
TELLING IT TO HER IN HER FACE.
HI, KARLIE.
HEY.
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M GOOD.
YOU LOOK NICE.
OH, I NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE
SITTING IN FRONT OF YOU.
I KNOW.
CRAZY.
I AM ON DAMAGE CONTROL
RIGHT NOW.
I'M GONNA GO TO THE ONE PERSON
THAT I CAN'T STAND.
AND THAT IS KARLIE REDD.
IF I CAN GET PAST HER
AND HER DEFLATED ASS CHEEKS,
I CAN MAKE IT PAST ANYTHING.
KARLIE REDD, I DON'T HATE YOU.
I HONESTLY DON'T.
I RESPECT TRUTH AND HONESTY
MORE THAN ANYTHING,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YOU WERE SOMEWHAT
COMING FOR ME.
SO IF YOU WERE,
I JUST WANT YOU TO BE
A REAL-ASS BITCH AND SAY,
"THAT'S JUST WHERE I WAS AT."
IT AIN'T NO VIOLENCE.
I'LL SIT ON MY HANDS.
MY HANDS--
I'M SITTING ON MY HANDS.
IT'S KIND OF CRAZY
TALKING TO K.MICHELLE.
SHE'S ACTING NICE RIGHT NOW,
BUT I KNOW SHE'S HAD IT
OUT FOR ME EVER SINCE
WE HAD A PROBLEM OVER A PRODUCER
A YEAR AGO.
I DO HAVE CRAZY WAYS, KARLIE.
LIKE, I PROBABLY--
I'M A LITTLE--
NO, I'M NOT GONNA LIE.
I PROBABLY AM A LITTLE OFF.
I'M VERY EMOTIONAL.
I'M VERY PASSIONATE.
AND I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TALK
TO PEOPLE ALL THE TIME.
ANY PROBLEM, KARLIE,
GET IT OUT BECAUSE I DON'T WANT
TO FIGHT WITH YOU NO MORE.
I HAVE A CONFESSION
TO MAKE TO YOU.
I MADE A DISS SONG...
OKAY.
BECAUSE I WAS MAD.
IF IT GETS OUT,
JUST KNOW IT WAS NOT--
IT'S COOL.
IT WAS BEFORE.
AND THIS IS A NEW CHAPTER.
YOU KNOW, 'CAUSE IT ALREADY
STARTED GETTING OUT,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
SO IF IT'S OUT,
JUST KNOW, NEW CHAPTER.
Y'ALL DO YOUR DISS RECORD,
KARLIE.
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR RECORD.
NOW, THAT'S IT NOW.
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR RECORD, OKAY?
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR RECORD,
NO MORE.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU THIS RECORD.
I'M GONNA SHUT UP AND LET YOU
HAVE YOUR RECORD, OKAY?
WHAT UP?
HELLO, EVA'S FATHER.
LET'S HUG.
HOW ARE YOU?
WHEN I CAN'T GET IN TOUCH
WITH MIMI,
I KNOW HOW TO GET AHOLD OF HER
AND GET THE RIGHT INFORMATION--
FROM HER BFF, ARIANE.
WHAT'S UP WITH Y'ALL?
ARE Y'ALL GOOD?
ME AND MIMI?
YEAH.
WE'RE GOOD.
OF COURSE, YOU KNOW MIMI AND I
GO THROUGH WHATEVER.
THAT'S WHAT THE [bleep]...
FRIENDS DO.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
AND THAT'S MY [bleep].
I LOVE HER TO DEATH.
SHE'S MY [bleep] TOO, THOUGH.
BUT ARE YOU GENUINELY HAPPY
FOR HER?
YES, I AM.
YOU'RE NOT.
MY THING IS LIKE...
IF SHE'S HAPPY,
THEN I'M HAPPY.
WHEN SHE'S NOT HAPPY,
THAT'S WHEN I'M NOT HAPPY.
BUT SHE'S HAPPY.
SHE'S TOLD ME THAT SHE'S HAPPY
WITH HIM, SO I'M HAPPY FOR HER.
IF THIS DUDE NIKKO IS FOR HER,
THEN I'M HAPPY FOR HER.
BUT I REALLY WANT TO KNOW,
IS SHE REALLY HAPPY?
AND ARIANE'S THE ONLY ONE
WHO KNOWS THE TRUTH.
SO WHY THE [bleep]
ARE YOU HERE?
I GOT TO MAKE SURE
SHE'S GOOD.
THEN CALL HER.
I DID.
AND WHAT HAPPENED?
I WANTED TO SIT WITH YOU
AND LOOK YOU IN YOUR FACE
AND ASK YOU.
IS EVERYTHING GOOD?
I KNOW HOW YOU ARE,
YOUR MANIPULATING ASS.
NO, I'M NOT.
I'M A GOOD DUDE.
WHO TOLD YOU THAT?
SO YOU'RE SAYING
I'M NOT A GOOD GUY?
YOU HURT MY FRIEND.
YOU HURT HER HARD.
SHE GOT SOMEBODY.
NO.
AND SHE'S STILL HURTING.
SHE'S--SHE'S GOT SOMEBODY,
SO WE COOL.
WELL, SO WHAT?
SHE HAD TO MOVE ON.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
YOU LEFT HER...
I LEFT HER--
FOR A MOTHER[bleep]...
NO, NO, NO, NO.
OUTWARDLY PROSTITUTE.
OKAY.
SHE CAME BACK AND WAS LIKE,
"YO, I'M ROCKING WITH HIM."
I SAID, "OKAY."
AND YOU [bleep] ON HER.
ALL I'M TELLING YOU IS,
IS THAT YOU [bleep] KNOW
I CARE SO MUCH ABOUT HER.
I KNOW WHAT SHE'S GONE THROUGH.
WE MOVING ON.
DO YOU NOT KNOW--
COME ON, COME ON.
STOP IT, MAN, STOP IT.
SHE'S NOT REALLY
[bleep] HAPPY.
THIS IS NOT WHAT I WANT TO
HEAR ABOUT MY BABY MAMA.
I THOUGHT SHE WAS HAPPY
WITH THIS WANNABE ME
SHE BEEN RUNNING AROUND
THE TOWN WITH.
I DON'T LIKE HEARING
THAT MIMI IS UNHAPPY.
SO I NEED TO SET IT STRAIGHT.
YOU'RE [bleep] UP.
I HAVE BEEN.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT ANYBODY
ANYMORE.
AND I WANT TO BE SOMEBODY
THAT MY DAUGHTERS CONSIDER--
LIKE, CAN LOOK UP TO AS A MAN,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
LIKE, "YO, I WANT A MAN
LIKE THAT."
LISTEN TO ME.
TRUST ME.
I HAVE A GIFT
THAT I WANT TO PRESENT TO MIMI.
THIS IS WHAT I GOT FOR YOU.
I PICKED THIS.
AND I LIKE IT BETTER
WITHOUT DIAMONDS FOR YOU.
SLEAZE, WHAT UP, MAN.
BROS OVER HOS.
I'LL TOAST TO THAT.
YOU KNOW,
THAT'S THE DISS RECORD.
WHAT ARE YOU PLAYING--
WHY'D YOU GIVE ME THE DISS
RECORD FOR MY BIRTHDAY?
I'M A REAL BITCH,
AND I'MA TAKE OFF MY SHOES,
JUMP A GATE, AND KILL A BITCH.
PEOPLE KNOW ME
FROM MY CLEANING BUSINESS,
KEEP IT CLEAN.
BUT I'VE DECIDED TO EXPAND
IN A MAJOR WAY.
I'M COMING OUT WITH A FASHION
BRAND CALLED MADE, M-A-D-E,
WHICH STANDS FOR
"MAKING A DIFFERENCE EVERY DAY."
TODAY IS MY FIRST PHOTO SHOOT
FOR MY ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN.
I GOT EVERYTHING SET UP,
AND IT'S GONNA BE HOT.
DO YOU FEEL BEAUTIFUL?
YES.
WOW.
THERE YOU GO.
BEAUTIFUL.
YOU LOOK AMAZING, BABE.
KICK YOUR LEG UP.
CAN YOU DO SOME OTHER POSES?
CAN YOU DO SOME--
NIKKO.
YOU'RE KILLING ME RIGHT NOW.
I JUST WANT TO HELP,
THAT'S ALL.
OKAY, BUT--
CAN I HELP?
NO, 'CAUSE YOU
[bleep] UP MY VIBE.
I'M ANXIOUS RIGHT NOW.
I WANT TO PUT MY TWO CENTS IN.
NIKKO MEANS WELL.
I KNOW HE DOES.
BUT THIS IS MY BUSINESS,
AND I'M GONNA CREATE THIS
ON MY OWN.
I WANT TO DO IT ON MY OWN.
YOUR INPUT IS GREAT,
BUT...NO, THANK YOU.
SO LISTEN, ONE--
SO WE'RE GONNA STAND
RIGHT HERE.
ONE SECOND.
I HAVE A GIFT THAT I WANT
TO PRESENT TO MIMI,
'CAUSE I WANT YOU
TO ACTUALLY WEAR IT.
IN THE SHOOT?
FOR YOUR SHOOT.
Y'ALL GOT TO TAKE A PHOTO
OF THIS TOO.
IT'S PART OF THE PHOTO SESSION.
NO, IT'S NOT.
YES, IT'S GONNA BE.
IT'S GONNA BE.
SO LISTEN, THIS IS WHAT
I GOT FOR YOU.
SEE, IT MATCHES.
MATCHES MINE, SEE?
YOURS HAS DIAMONDS.
YEAH, AND YOURS DO TOO.
MINE DOESN'T.
LISTEN.
[laughs]
HE GAVE ME A ROLEX,
BUT IT WAS LIKE A LITTLE,
DAINTY, BABY, BABY ROLEX.
I DON'T LIKE LITTLE, DAINTY--
YOU NEVER SEE ME
WITH ANYTHING DAINTY ON,
AS YOU CAN SEE.
I LIKE BIG, CHUNKY [bleep].
I PICKED THIS.
AND I LIKE IT BETTER
WITHOUT DIAMONDS FOR YOU.
YOU LIKE IT BETTER
WITHOUT DIAMONDS FOR ME,
BUT YOURS SHOULD HAVE DIAMONDS.
YEAH.
I'LL PUT DIAMONDS ON IT.
I'LL PUT A BEZEL ON IT.
BUT I WANT YOU TO HAVE THAT.
I THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE HIM
GETTING ME THE WATCH.
A ROLEX, YOU KNOW,
IS THOUGHTFUL,
BUT IT WASN'T MY STYLE.
AND I THINK HE KIND OF
KNEW IT TOO.
HE SHOULD'VE FOUND OUT
WHAT I LIKED BEFORE HE WENT
AND MADE A PURCHASE LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW, I GOT THE VIDEO
BACK, SO...
OKAY.
DOING A VIDEO RELEASE PARTY.
WELL, I SAW THE ROUGH CUT.
YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T
SEE THE FINAL.
YOU SHOULDN'T EVEN HAVE SEEN
THE FIRST CUT.
I JUST ALLOWED YOU TO SEE IT.
WELL, I DID.
AND THE FACT THAT I DID
PISSED ME THE [bleep] OFF.
NIKKO SENDS ME THE LINK
TO THE VIDEO THAT I'M SUPPOSED
TO BE THE STAR OF,
AND I'M BARELY IN IT.
I FIXED IT, SO WHEN YOU SEE
IT NOW, YOU'RE GONNA LIKE IT.
OKAY.
BUT WHY ARE YOU SO ANGRY?
I'M NOT ANGRY.
IT JUST IS WHAT IT IS.
IN TERMS OF US BUILDING,
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
DO YOU WANT SOMEBODY
THAT'S WILLING TO CHANGE
YOUR VIEWS ON WHAT YOU'VE BEEN
FACED WITH IN THE PAST?
YOU CAN'T CHANGE MY VIEWS.
ONLY I CAN CHANGE MY VIEWS.
RIGHT, BUT I CAN HELP.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
YOU LEAVE THE PAST
IN THE PAST.
YOU HAVE TO LET GO OF THE ANGER.
I'M NOT ANGRY.
EVERYBODY THINKS I'M ANGRY.
I'M A VERY HAPPY KIND OF BITCH.
HEY!
HOW YOU DOING?
MWAH.
I HAD TO CALL MY MOM UP
TO TALK TO HER ABOUT WHAT'S
GOING ON WITH ME AND KIRK.
KIRK IS HER BOO.
THAT'S HER BOY.
HE CAN'T DO NO WRONG.
BUT, HONEY, I THINK MOM
IS GONNA HAVE A DIFFERENT
PERSPECTIVE OF THAT
ONCE SHE FINDS OUT
WHAT THE HELL HE BEEN SAYING
TO HIS WIFE AND HOW HE'S BEEN
TREATING ME.
GIRL, WE GOT A LOT
OF CATCHING UP TO DO.
I KNOW IT.
WE HAVEN'T TALKED IN SO LONG.
YOU KNOW, I'MA BE REAL.
I'VE BEEN GOING THROUGH
A WHOLE LOT.
OH, LIKE WHAT, FOR INSTANCE?
KIRK--HE TOLD ME
HE WANT SPACE.
HE DON'T THINK IT'S A GOOD IDEA
TO HAVE A BABY.
I MIGHT NEED TO THINK ABOUT IT.
BASICALLY TOLD ME
I SHOULD GET AN ABORTION.
OH, MY GOD.
THAT IS A BIG, BIG, BIG PROBLEM.
I'M SITTING HERE THINKING,
"MY HUSBAND GONNA HOLD ME DOWN."
IT WASN'T EVEN A THOUGHT FOR ME
TO THINK THAT IT WASN'T
GONNA BE THAT WAY.
HE HAD ENOUGH NERVE TO SAY TO
ME, "WE MIGHT NEED TO GET
A BLOOD TEST BECAUSE I WORE
CONDOMS WHEN YOU STOPPED
TAKING YOUR PILLS,
AND I WAS PULLING OUT."
I CANNOT BELIEVE
THAT THAT'S KIRK.
SOMETHING'S GOING ON.
SOMETHING'S WRONG
WITH THIS PICTURE.
HE MIGHT NOT COME HOME
TILL 2:30, 3:00 IN THE MORNING.
OH, HELL NO.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHO HAS HE BEEN AROUND?
I DON'T KNOW.
'CAUSE IT LOOK LIKE TO ME
HE'S KEEPING COMPANY
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
DON'T THINK IT AIN'T
CROSSED MY MIND,
'CAUSE I'M LIKE, "WHOEVER IT IS,
SHE MUST GOT SUNSHINE
FOR KOOTCHIE,
'CAUSE HE GOING CRAZY."
HAS HE CHANGED ABOUT YOU
LOOKING IN HIS PHONE?
YEAH.
I MEAN, I LOOKED ANYWAY.
[bleep] IT.
I DON'T CARE.
HE'S GOT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM
OR FINALLY GO TO SLEEP.
I'M GONNA LOOK.
RIGHT, RIGHT, RIGHT.
DON'T PLAY WITH ME.
I WENT LOOKING TO SEE
IF KIRK WAS CHEATING,
AND I DIDN'T FIND ANYTHING,
WHICH WAS A SIGH OF RELIEF.
AND AT THE SAME TIME,
I'M NOT GONNA GO ACCUSING
SOMEBODY BECAUSE I AIN'T
FIXIN' TO SPEAK THAT [bleep]
INTO EXISTENCE NEITHER.
WE IN A FREAKING MARRIAGE.
YOU OWE ME THAT.
EITHER TELL ME WHAT THE HELL
IS WRONG WITH YOU
OR GET YOUR ASS OUT.
THERE IS SERIOUSLY
SOMETHING WRONG
WITH THIS PICTURE.
I WANT TO SEE HIM IN PERSON.
WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU KNOW, WHEN BROTHERS
ARGUE, YOU KNOW, WE TEND TO SAY
WE'LL NEVER SPEAK TO YOU AGAIN.
BUT, YOU KNOW, WE ALWAYS
COME BACK AROUND.
YOU KNOW, FAMILY FIRST.
SO I FIGURE IT'S TIME
TO SQUASH THE BEEF,
GO GET A COUPLE CIGARS,
AND TALK LIKE TWO BOSSES.
LAST TIME WE SAW EACH OTHER,
THE BLOWOUT WAS CRAZY,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
AND YOU KNOW ME.
I'M NOT GONNA JUST LET THAT GO.
I HAD TO DO A LITTLE
INVESTIGATION, YOU KNOW?
RIGHT, I UNDERSTAND.
SO I HAD TO GO SEE KARLIE
AGAIN, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
UGH.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING,
WHAT I FOUND OUT,
WHAT I ALREADY KNEW.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
SHE'S A LIAR,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
A MANIPULATOR.
LISTEN, IN JOSELINE'S CASE,
I DIDN'T EVEN MEAN
TO SAY THAT TO HER.
AND IF I SEEN HER,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING,
I WOULD APOLOGIZE TO HER,
BECAUSE THERE'S NO WAY
I SHOULD'VE BEEN--
I SHOULD'VE HOLLERED LIKE THAT.
BEFORE YOU GO THERE,
YOU KNOW, WE AIN'T EVEN
ROCKING LIKE THAT RIGHT NOW,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
ONE DAY, THEY'RE GOOD.
THE NEXT DAY, THEY'RE NOT.
ONE DAY, HE LOVES HER.
THE NEXT DAY,
HE CAN'T STAND HER.
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
PEOPLE ARGUE, BUT THAT,
LIKE I SAID BEFORE,
IS A PLANE CRASH
WAITING TO HAPPEN.
I'M ABOUT TO DO SOMETHING
FOR MIMI.
WHAT'S UP WITH THIS DUDE?
IS HE ALL COOL?
I DON'T REALLY
SEE NONE OF THAT.
SHE GOT MY DAUGHTER,
SO I GOT TO MAKE SURE
HER HEART AND HER MIND
AND EVERYTHING IS RIGHT TOO,
YOU FEEL ME?
'CAUSE I HURT HER.
LOOK AT WHAT I DO,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
SO I'D BE A FOOL TO THINK
THAT SHE WAS JUST GONNA
SIT AROUND--
LOOK, I MEAN--
LISTEN, MY OPINION:
YOU COULD HAVE HER BACK
ANYTIME YOU WANT TO,
AND DUDE WILL JUST BE LEFT--
HE BE LEFT IN THE COLD,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
LIKE, ANYTIME YOU WANT
TO MAKE THAT MOVE,
THAT'S THAT.
I ALREADY KNOW IT.
I'M NOT THE TYPE
TO HOLD GRUDGES
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
I JUST--IT'S NOT IN ME.
HE'S A GREAT DUDE
WHEN HE'S NOT GOING CRAZY
OVER FEMALES.
IT WAS DEFINITELY GOOD TO SEE
SLEAZE, THOUGH,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
COME ON.
YOU KNOW HOW WE DO IT.
THE AVENGERS,
IRON MAN AND HULK,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
WHEN WE COME TOGETHER, MAN,
WE DO AMAZING THINGS.
ENOUGH ABOUT THAT.
WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON
IN YOUR WORLD?
MAN, I'M TIRED
OF BEING SINGLE.
I'M LOOKING, BUT IT'S LIKE,
I DON'T HAVE THE PATIENCE
WHEN I SEE--IT'S LIKE I'M SCARED
EVERY TIME I SEE
SOME LITTLE BULL[bleep].
THIS IS WHAT I WANT:
A WOMAN THAT WORKS,
HAS HER OWN MONEY
AND HER OWN BUSINESS,
IS BEAUTIFUL,
THAT HAS A LITTLE BIT
OF CLASSINESS
BUT STILL KNOWS HOW
TO GET A LITTLE BIT OF STREET,
THAT'S DEFINITELY A SUPERFREAK.
I AIN'T GONNA LIE, LIKE...
I SEE THAT LOOK IN YOUR EYES.
YOU GOT THAT--OH, THE THIRST IS
REAL, BABY.
SUPER THIRST.
[laughter]
BROS OVER HOS.
I'LL TOAST TO THAT.
I DON'T THINK YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU DID.
I APOLOGIZE.
FOR WHAT?
FOR HURTING YOU.
THAT'S IT?
GUESS WHAT.
I'M A REAL BITCH,
AND I'MA KEEP IT REAL.
I'LL TAKE OFF MY SHOES,
JUMP A GATE, AND KILL A BITCH.
AND I'MA ALWAYS BE THAT GIRL.
KARLIE, SIT DOWN!
HEY.
I'VE BEEN MOVING FORWARD
AND FEELING GOOD
ABOUT MY LIFE, IN GENERAL.
STEVIE AND I DO HAVE
A BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER TOGETHER,
SO WE DO HAVE TO REMAIN
COOL AND COMMUNICATE.
YOU GOT A LITTLE TATTOO?
YES, I DID.
LET ME SEE.
OH, WHOA.
WHOA.
THAT'S HARD, MAN.
WHAT INSPIRED THAT JOINT?
I WANTED SOMETHING NEW.
I DIDN'T WANT TO HAVE TO LOOK
DOWN AT MY ARM
AND THINK ABOUT YOU
EVERY [bleep] DAY.
OKAY.
SO I COVERED IT UP.
I PUT MY DAUGHTER'S NAME ON IT.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT THAT HURT.
LIKE, I DON'T THINK YOU
UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU DID.
ALTHOUGH I'M NOT ROCKING
WITH JOSELINE RIGHT NOW,
ARIANE'S TELLING ME MIMI'S
STILL HURT ABOUT ME AND HER
NOT BEING TOGETHER.
MAYBE THERE'S SOMETHING I COULD
DO TO MAKE IT RIGHT.
I APOLOGIZE.
FOR WHAT?
FOR HURTING YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
I GET IT.
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU GET?
I GET THE PAIN THAT YOU FELT.
I KNOW I HURT YOU.
AND, YOU KNOW--AND THAT'S WHAT
INSPIRED YOU TO MOVE ON.
THAT'S IT?
"ACCEPT MY APOLOGY"?
NO, I DIDN'T ASK YOU TO.
I SAID I WAS SORRY.
AND I KNOW YOU PROBABLY
WON'T RIGHT NOW,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
OH, BABE.
COME ON.
COME ON, MOMMY, PLEASE.
I WANT TO BE STRONG
WHEN I SPEAK TO STEVIE.
BUT THERE'S STILL A LOT
OF UNRESOLVED PAIN AND HURT
FROM ALL OF HIS BETRAYALS,
DESPITE THE FACT
THAT WE'RE NOT TOGETHER.
WOULD YOU STAY WITH ME
IF I WAS PUBLICLY DATING SOMEONE
FOR A [bleep] YEAR?
I GOT IT.
I GET IT.
I WAS THE [bleep].
NO, NOT REALLY.
YEAH, REALLY.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
YEAH, I WAS.
NO, NO.
LET ME JUST SAY,
I WAS THE [bleep].
AND I WAS THE [bleep]
FOR STAYING.
CASE CLOSED.
I'M GONNA GET YOU SOMETHING.
YOU KNOW I'M KIND OF LOOKING
AT YOU LIKE...
YOU GOT TO MAKE SURE
EVA GETS FROM POINT "A"
TO POINT "B."
YOU GOT TO GET TO
WHERE YOU GOT TO GO,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YOU GOT TO BE LOOKING RIGHT
IN THESE STREETS.
YOU WANT TO GIVE ME A CAR.
YEAH.
DON'T THINK THAT YOU CAN
GIVE ME SOME MATERIAL [bleep]
TO MAKE UP FOR WHAT YOU DID.
IT CAN'T BE ANYTHING CLOSE--
NO, NOPE.
WELL, IT'S STILL GONNA GET
DONE, YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
AND I JUST WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
SOMETHING NEW.
YOU WANT SOMETHING NEW?
I WOULD LOVE SOMETHING NEW.
YOU LOOKING GOOD, MAMA.
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
ALL RIGHT.
SEE YOU LATER, ALL RIGHT?
WE GONNA EAT THESE
MOTHER[bleep] CUPCAKES.
WHERE THE [bleep] IS--
WE GONNA EAT THESE.
THAT ONE'S GONNA BE GOOD.
Y'ALL KNOW HOW TO GIVE
[bleep]--YOU KNOW HOW TO BLOW.
OH, [bleep]!
THOSE ARE THE TRICK ONES.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY.
AND I'M EXCITED.
I INVITED EVERYBODY TO COME,
EVEN OLD KARLIE REDD.
I'M TRYING TO BE COOL
WITH HER AGAIN.
EITHER WAY,
WE GONNA DRINK IT UP.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
HAPPY MOTHER[bleep] BIRTHDAY!
CHEERS TO SAFE SEX
AND PAYCHECKS AND LEARNING
HOW TO GIVE GREAT [bleep].
THAT'S MOTIVATION, THOUGH.
[all laughing]
HI.
WHOO!
HOW YOU DOING?
BENZINO, HOW YOU DOING?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
I'MA GET YOU.
WHAT UP, K?
YOU INVITED YOUR BOO?
THANK YOU FOR INVITING ME.
NO PROBLEM.
THANK YOU FOR COMING.
HERE, I GOT YOU A GIFT.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
WAIT, WAIT.
WHAT'S UP, KARLIE?
MAKE THAT RIGHT.
HI, HOW YOU DOING?
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT'S UP, MAMA?
GOOD.
WAIT, THEY'RE HERE TOGETHER?
I INVITED EVERYBODY.
ALL THE WOMEN
WERE LOOKING BEAUTIFUL.
AND KARLIE.
BUT K.MICHELLE, BOY,
SHE WAS THE BIRTHDAY CAKE.
[chuckles]
TRUST ME.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY, EVERYBODY.
THIS IS THE DAY THAT JESUS
GAVE ME TO Y'ALL.
GIFTS--KEEP 'EM ROLLING.
OKAY.
GIFTS.
BENZINO BROUGHT YOU
SOMETHING, RIGHT?
I GAVE IT TO HER.
OOH, [bleep].
WHAT YOU GOT THERE?
OH, THIS IS NICE.
IS IT REAL?
I HOPE SO, 'CAUSE...
[laughing]
THAT'S NICE.
IT'S SO PRETTY.
BENZINO GAVE K.MICHELLE
A DIAMOND NECKLACE
WITH DIAMONDS.
THAT'S MORE THAN HE EVER
GAVE ME, BESIDES THE RING
HE GAVE ME AND THEN TOOK BACK.
ARE THEY EVEN FRIENDS?
THERE'S LIKE FOUR GIFTS IN HERE.
ALL RIGHTY.
SOME WEAVE.
YOU CAN ALWAYS
USE SOME WEAVE.
CAN YOU NOT ALWAYS
USE SOME WEAVE?
I GOT TO AGREE WITH THAT ONE.
IT'S SOME TEA.
FOR YOUR VOICE, YES.
FOR YOUR VOICE.
FOR HER VOICE.
THERE'S A CD.
PUT IT BACK IN HERE.
THAT'S DJ BLAKE.
I WOULD LOVE TO HEAR THIS.
WHERE'S THE DJ AT?
OH, NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
WHO DO I BRING THIS TO?
NO.
WHAT ARE YOU--
WHY'D YOU GIVE ME THE DISS
RECORD FOR MY BIRTHDAY?
WHAT THE HELL WAS WRONG
WITH KARLIE, TRY TO GIVE ME
A DISS RECORD ON MY BIRTHDAY?
NOT ONLY WAS I DRUNK;
IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY.
I DON'T THINK IT'S A GOOD
IDEA FOR HER TO PLAY IT.
WHEN I TOLD K ABOUT THE DISS
TRACK, SHE WAS OKAY WITH IT.
SO I THOUGHT I WOULD
GIVE HER A COPY OF IT
BEFORE SHE EVEN HEARD IT
ON THE STREETS,
NOT TO PUT IT ON BLAST
IN THE CLUB.
♪ [bleep] UP
♪ JUST BECAUSE I FLAUNT IT
♪ THINKING YOU CAN DISS ME
♪ BRING IT IF YOU
♪ REALLY WANT IT
♪ WORK IT
♪ WHERE YOU GETTING BEEF FROM
♪ AND WHY I SEE YOU
♪ IN THE BATHROOM
♪ GLUING YOUR TEETH ON
♪ AND YOU WAS WITH R. KELLY
♪ YOU PROBABLY GOT PEED ON
♪ ONLY PSYCHO HOS
♪ PLAY THE VICTIM
♪ SAY THE...
DON'T NOBODY
WANT TO HEAR THAT [bleep].
I WAS TRYING TO DANCE IT OFF.
I WAS HAVING A GOOD TIME.
THEN I HEARD A LINE IN THE SONG.
SHE WAS QUESTIONING MY STORY
ABOUT MY LIFE.
AND I DON'T PLAY
THAT BULL[bleep].
I DIDN'T HEAR ANY
OF THE LYRICS.
I WANTED TO REALLY
HEAR THE LYRICS TO THAT SONG.
THE LYRICS SAID
THAT MY MENTOR PEED ON ME.
KARLIE?
NO, I SAID "PROBABLY."
BUT THE LYRICS SAID
THAT I CRIED WOLF
ABOUT MY LIFE.
THAT BOTHERED ME, KARLIE.
I DON'T CARE.
IT'S FINE.
I'M COOL.
I GOT ON MY ROMPER.
GUESS WHAT.
I'M A REAL BITCH,
AND I'MA KEEP IT REAL.
I'LL TAKE OFF MY SHOES,
JUMP A GATE, AND KILL A BITCH.
AND I'MA ALWAYS BE THAT GIRL.
TO SAY MY LIFE
AND WHAT I BEEN THROUGH--
THAT'S NO JOKE FOR ME.
BOO-BOO.
KARLIE, SIT DOWN!
DON'T DO IT.
WELL, THEN YOU NEED
TO SIT DOWN TOO 'CAUSE I'M NOT
GONNA TALK UP TO YOU.
OOH.
RIGHT IN YOUR FACE.
KARLIE'S, LIKE, ONE OF THE
MOST MESSIEST PERSONS
I THINK I'VE EVER MET.
SHE'S ALWAYS GOSSIPING,
ALWAYS THROWING LITTLE BOMBS,
ALWAYS THROWING FIRES.
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK SHE THINK
THIS IS, LIKE, THE NORM.
I'M GETTING THE [bleep] UP
OUT OF THIS GODDAMN THING.
BE GONE HOME, GIRL.
WHY Y'ALL--
I COULD MOP THE FLOOR
WITH KARLIE REDD
AND HER LOPSIDED ASS.
I GOT OTHER THINGS
TO WORRY ABOUT.
THAT CHILD DON'T KNOW NO BETTER.
THAT DISS RECORD AIN'T GONNA BE
PLAYED ON NO RADIO STATIONS.
AND IN THE FIRST PLACE,
IT SOUNDED LIKE [bleep].
YOU TOLD ME
YOU WERE GONNA BE GOOD.
I BEHAVED.
YOU MOTHER[bleep] TOLD ME--
SHE TRIED.
BYE, KARLIE!
Y'ALL HUG IT OUT.
HUG IT OUT.
GO HUG IT OUT.
SHE NOT MAD AT YOU AT ALL.
SHE NOT MAD AT YOU, KARLIE.
I'M NOT MAD AT HER AT ALL.
GO SAY YOU'RE SORRY.
WE ABOUT TO START FIGHTING?
EVEN IF K.MICHELLE WANT TO
THROW DRINKS, I DON'T CARE.
IT'S BENEATH ME.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR THIS DISS
RECORD TO GO VIRAL ON THAT ASS.
I CAN'T BE MAD AT YOU.
I'M NOT THAT MAD AT YOU.
GOOD JOB.
WELL, I'M NOT MAD AT HER.
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT.
NO, I KNOW.
NO, UH-UH.
IF I WAS YOU,
I'D LOVE YOU FOR THAT.
OH, MY GOSH.
Y'ALL ARE AMAZING.
Y'ALL ARE [bleep] AMAZING
FOR THIS.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
AMAZING--BAM!
GOOD GOD, I LOVE IT.
WHAT YOU DOING HERE, BITCH?
WHAT'S UP?
THIS IS A FUNNY PATH
THAT WE HAVE WALKED.
AND TWO, YOU NOT THAT BAD,
BITCH.
I'M NOT.
YOU'RE NOT.
AND I HOPE I SEE YOU AGAIN.
IF ME AND YOU
WERE BUSINESS PARTNERS, AND--
THAT AIN'T GOT [bleep]
TO DO WITH IT.
THAT AIN'T GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT, KIRK.
IT HAS A LOT TO DO WITH IT.
YOUR MARRIAGE COME FIRST!
[mellow music]
♪
K.MICHELLE.
WHAT YOU DOING HERE, BITCH?
WHAT'S UP?
JOSELINE HERNANDEZ.
UP UNTIL NOW,
I DIDN'T KNOW MUCH
ABOUT JOSELINE.
I ONLY KNEW WHAT MIMI
HAD TOLD ME OF HER.
AND WHAT I DIDN'T WANT TO DO
IS GET A NEGATIVE PERCEPTION
OF THIS WOMAN
WITHOUT FINDING OUT FOR MYSELF.
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M GOOD.
YOU'RE DOING GOOD?
ABOUT TO WALK IN HERE TOO.
I GOT TO GO MEET
WITH A FEW PRODUCERS, YOU KNOW?
HOW IS THAT GOING?
STEVIE, OF COURSE,
FEELS THAT HE MADE ME.
HE FEELS THAT I'M NOT GONNA BE
ABLE TO DO IT WITHOUT HIM.
YOU KNOW HOW THAT GO.
I WENT THROUGH THAT WHOLE...
I WENT THROUGH THAT
WHOLE SITUATION.
THEY CAN BE SO MUCH.
AND ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY FEEL
LIKE THEY TOOK YOU FROM HERE
TO THERE, EVEN IF IT WAS
TWO STEPS, TEN STEPS.
THEY ALWAYS GONNA FEEL LIKE
YOU OWE THEM SOMETHING.
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
IT'S YOUR GIFT.
IT'S YOUR [bleep] THAT'S SET UP
LIKE THAT.
[laughs]
IT'S YOUR ASS THAT'S FAT.
IT'S YOU THAT GOT PEOPLE
WANTING TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
IT'S ME THAT THEY
WANT TO WORK WITH.
AND I'VE BEEN TELLING HIM
THE SAME THING, LIKE,
YOU KNOW, STEVIE GAVE ME
THE OPPORTUNITY, BUT EVERYTHING
ELSE I DID, I'M THE ONE
THAT DO THE HARD WORK.
YOU KNOW, BOSS UP
ON THE SITUATION.
YOU GOT TO BOSS UP
ON A [bleep] QUICK.
TRUST ME, I ALREADY DONE
BOSSED UP ON HIS BITCH ASS.
I'VE HEARD.
I'VE HEARD THE STORIES, HONEY.
I THINK I HAVE
A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS
IN COMMON WITH JOSELINE.
FIRST PLACE, WE DON'T TAKE
NO [bleep].
SECOND PLACE,
WE DON'T TAKE NO [bleep].
COULD BE FUN,
'CAUSE WE DON'T TAKE NO [bleep].
THIS IS A FUNNY PATH
THAT WE HAVE WALKED.
AND TWO, YOU NOT THAT BAD,
BITCH.
I'M NOT.
YOU'RE NOT.
AND I HOPE I SEE YOU AGAIN.
MAYBE WE COULD HANG OUT.
YOU KNOW, YOU LET ME KNOW.
I THINK THAT K.MICHELLE AND I
WOULD HAVE A GREAT TIME.
SHE GOT A FAT ASS.
I GOT A FAT ASS.
SHE GOT A GREAT VOICE.
I HAVE A SEXY VOICE.
I THINK WE'LL JUST HAVE THEM
BITCHES EATING.
THANK YOU FOR TALKING TO ME.
NO PROBLEM.
AND I'LL SEE YOU NEXT TIME,
OKAY, BABY?
ALL RIGHT, BABY.
SO I GET A TEXT
FROM SHIRLENE, MY MOTHER-IN-LAW,
SAYING SHE WOULD LIKE
TO TALK TO ME.
SO I'M LIKE, "WOW,
THIS IS KIND OF STRANGE.
WHAT'S GOING ON?"
IF YOU WANT TO JUMP IN
AND DO SOMETHING
FOR YOUR DAUGHTER,
HOW ABOUT YOU PAY THE MORTGAGE
OR THE CAR NOTES
OR SEND SOME CHECKS OVER THERE?
OTHER THAN THAT, I THINK YOU
SHOULD STAY IN YOUR PLACE.
WHAT'S UP, WHAT'S UP, WHAT'S UP?
HEY, HEY.
HOW YOU DOING?
I'M OKAY.
LONG TIME NO SEE.
YEAH.
SO GUESS WHAT.
I HAD DINNER WITH RASHEEDA.
SHE TOLD ME YOU WANT TO GET
AN ABORTION.
THAT'S USUALLY SOMETHING
THAT A WOMAN WOULD THINK OF
FOR HERSELF,
NOT SOMETHING THAT A MAN--
A HUSBAND WOULD COME
TO A WIFE AND SAY.
WELL, THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS
GOING ON, SO...
BUSINESS THINGS THAT'S GOING ON,
WHERE THAT'S REALLY NOT
CONVENIENT FOR THE TIMING.
OKAY, SHE'S PREGNANT.
SHE'S NOT GONNA GET AN ABORTION.
OKAY?
SHE'S NOT GONNA GET
A BLOOD TEST.
HMM.
REALLY?
REALLY.
AND YOU CAN'T MAKE HER.
SO WHAT, YOU GONNA JUMP IN--
YOU CAN'T--
NOT--
I ALREADY DONE THAT.
AND YOU CAN'T MAKE HER.
SO SHE TALKED TO YOU.
AND YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT
SHE'S NOT GONNA GET--
WHAT MAKE YOU THINK
SHE AIN'T GONNA TALK TO ME
ABOUT SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
SO MAYBE SHE HIDING SOMETHING
THEN, IF YOU SAID SHE'S NOT
GONNA GET A BLOOD TEST, AND YOU
AGREEING WITH HER.
YOU DAMN RIGHT
I'M AGREEING WITH HER.
WHY?
WHY WOULDN'T I?
DO YOU--YOU DON'T KNOW
WHERE SHE BEEN.
IT DON'T MAKE NO DIFFERENCE.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE SHE BEEN?
SO WHAT, TAKE CARE
OF ANOTHER MAN'S CHILD
IF I'M FEELING A CERTAIN
KIND OF WAY?
YOU ACTING LIKE YOU KNOW
WHERE HER--
WHERE HER [bleep] BEEN.
DO YOU KNOW?
WHERE IS THIS COMING FROM?
I KNOW YOU AIN'T THAT
DADGUM DAMN [bleep] DUMB.
THERE'S MORE TO IT THAN THAT.
SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL TELL IT.
I DON'T KNOW.
ON YOUR END.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH, MM-HMM.
WHAT'S THE [bleep] SMIRK ABOUT?
I'M LAUGHING AT YOU
'CAUSE YOU LIKE, THERE'S MORE
TO IT ON MY END.
ABSOLUTELY.
THAT'S FUNNY TO ME.
OH, YOU GONNA ACCUSE HER
OF HAVING SEX
WITH SOMEBODY ELSE,
BUT YOU AIN'T--YOU AIN'T--
[stammering]
YOU'LL SAY.
IS THAT WHAT YOU TRYING
TO TELL ME?
HUH?
NO.
WELL, THEN,
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING, THEN,
WITH THE [bleep] SMIRK
ON YOUR [bleep] FACE?
I DON'T KNOW
A PERFECT RELATIONSHIP.
SO YOU'RE GOING OFF ON ME
LIKE EVERYTHING HAS BEEN PERFECT
IN YOUR LIFE.
LET ME FIND MY WAY OUT THE DOOR
BEFORE SOMETHING UGLY HAPPENS.
SO IF ME AND YOU
WERE BUSINESS PARTNERS AND--
THAT AIN'T GOT [bleep]
TO DO WITH IT.
THAT AIN'T GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT, KIRK.
IT HAS A LOT TO DO WITH IT.
YOUR MARRIAGE COME FIRST!
I THINK YOU ARE FREAKING
OUT OF DAMN LINE.
I THINK YOU ARE OUT OF LINE!
YOU ARE OUT OF LINE!
OKAY, WELL, YOU NEED
TO TALK TO YOUR DAUGHTER--
AND THEN SAYING
THAT BULL[bleep] TO ME.
I DON'T WANT
TO ARGUE WITH YOU.
TALK TO YOUR DAUGHTER.
NO, NO, NO.
I FEEL LIKE
YOU GOING TOO FAR.
AND THAT'S NOT COOL WITH ME.
LIKE, FOR REAL, LIKE,
THAT'S NOT COOL.
YOU ARE [bleep] FULL OF IT.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT I AM.
YEAH, YOU WALK AWAY.
YEAH, WALK AWAY.
YEAH.
THAT'S A [bleep]
COWARD WALK AWAY,
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
COOL.
DAMN COWARD ASS.
KICK THAT DAMN CAR
IN ITS DAMN ASS
LIKE I SHOULD'VE KICKED HIM
IN HIS ASS.
THIS LADY HAS LOST
HER [bleep] MIND.
HE'LL BE THERE TONIGHT.
AT THE PARTY?
REALLY?
YOU INVITED HIM?
YES, I DID.
WOW.
CAN I SEE?
I GOT A WATCH.
THIS IS NOT REAL.
LISTEN, WE CAN HANDLE THIS
AS MEN.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
I HANDLE [bleep].
NO, LISTEN.
OH.
TONIGHT, MIMI AND I
ARE GOING TO NIKKO'S
VIDEO RELEASE PARTY.
AND I KNOW IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
HOPEFULLY IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
SO I INVITED ERICA OVER
SO WE CAN DO SOME PRE-GAMING,
GIRLS PRE-GAMING.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR TONIGHT.
YOU'RE NOT EXCITED?
YOU KNOW, I HAVE LEARNED
NOT TO GET EXCITED ABOUT [bleep]
'CAUSE I GET
KIND OF DISAPPOINTED.
SO I DON'T KNOW.
BUT THIS IS YOUR NIGHT,
THOUGH.
NO, IT'S NOT SO MUCH
MY NIGHT.
JUST, YOU KNOW--
OH, NIKKO.
I FORGOT IT WAS HIM TOO.
NIKKO TOLD ME HE WAS GONNA
REEDIT THIS VIDEO SO I'D GET
MORE SCREEN TIME.
WE'LL SEE IF NIKKO
FOLLOWS THROUGH.
BUT I'M NOT GONNA
HOLD MY BREATH.
HOW Y'ALL DOING,
YOU AND NIKKO?
HE CAME TO MY PHOTO SHOOT.
AND HE DID PRESENT ME WITH THIS,
YOU KNOW, WATCH.
SOMETHING WITH NIKKO
JUST REALLY DOESN'T
SIT RIGHT WITH ME.
BUYING FANCY GIFTS--
IT'S JUST THE SAME KIND
OF [bleep] THAT STEVIE WOULD DO
JUST TO MIND[bleep] MIMI.
I DON'T MEAN
TO SOUND UNGRATEFUL.
I HOPE I DIDN'T
SOUND UNGRATEFUL, BUT...
IT'S NICE.
HIS BEZEL WAS NICE
AND ICED OUT.
AND I'M LIKE--HE'S LIKE,
"OH, THIS HIS AND HERS."
AND I'M LIKE, "NOT SO MUCH."
[laughing]
WHERE MY DIAMOND BEZEL?
I MEAN, DOES THAT SOUND--
WAS I SOUNDING UNGRATEFUL?
NO, NOT AT ALL.
IF HE'S GONNA BRING IT--
AND I'M SURE HIS WATCH
WAS THIS MOTHER[bleep] BIG.
YEAH, IT WAS.
AND IT HAD DIAMONDS ALL--
ALL THROUGH THAT THING.
YEAH, DOESN'T THAT SOUND
FAMILIAR, THOUGH?
LIKE, NIKKO'S MOVEMENTS,
DON'T THEY SOUND A LITTLE BIT
CLOSE TO STEVEN JORDAN'S?
[laughing]
IS THAT A TRICK QUESTION?
MY EYEBROW IS RAISED
ABOUT WHERE NIKKO AND I
ARE HEADED, RELATIONSHIP-WISE.
BUT THAT'S IT.
WHAT STEVIE HAS DONE TO ME,
THERE COULD BE NO COMPARISON.
BUT WHAT I WILL SAY IS,
STEVIE HAS BEEN SHOWING ME
HIS NICE SIDE LATELY.
AND I'LL TAKE IT.
WHATEVER'S GOING ON,
HE'S BEEN A REALLY NICE GUY
TO ME.
WOW.
VERY NICE, WHICH IS SHOCKING.
AND HE'LL BE THERE TONIGHT
AS WELL.
HE'LL BE WHERE?
HE'LL BE THERE TONIGHT.
AT THE PARTY?
REALLY?
GIRL...
YOU INVITED HIM?
YES, I DID.
JEEZ, LOUISE.
I JUST THINK--
YOU BEING REAL BALLSY.
[bleep] REAL BALLSY.
YOU CAN'T BE MAD
ABOUT ANYTHING
'CAUSE YOU BROUGHT THIS
ON YOURSELF.
THANK YOU.
LIKE, WHATEVER HAPPENS,
YOU BROUGHT IT ALL ON YOURSELF.
JUST GO KEEP IT REAL.
I'M JUST SAYING.
I'M OWNING.
I'M OWNING IT.
I DID IT.
I DID ALL OF IT.
[upbeat club music]
♪
TONIGHT IS THE PREMIERE
FOR NIKKO AND JOHNNY'S
N.Y. 2 L.A. VIDEO.
WE HAVE BEEN HAVING SOME ISSUES,
BUT I REALLY WANT TONIGHT
TO GO WELL FOR HIM.
YO...
HELLO, HELLO, HELLO,
HELLO, EVERYONE.
SO FIRST, I WANTED TO THANK
YOU GUYS FOR COMING OUT
TO OUR VIDEO SCREENING PARTY.
AND I'VE GOT TO FIRST
GIVE A SPECIAL THANKS
AND SHOUT-OUT TO MIMI--
MY LADY, FRIEND, AND COMPANION--
FOR SUPPORTING ME
THROUGH THIS PROCESS.
THANK YOU.
[cheers and applause]
AND I HOPE FOR US TO CONTINUE
TO GROW ON BETTER DAYS.
WHOO!
NIKKO BETTER HOPE MIMI
LIKES WHAT SHE SEES TONIGHT
BECAUSE THIS BOY'S
REALLY ON THIN ICE.
I WANT Y'ALL TO SIT BACK
AND WATCH THIS VIDEO,
N.Y. 2 L.A.,
THE NIKKO AND JOHNNY VIDEO.
* BOY TOYS, WE
♪ BOY TOYS, WE
* HA
♪ I FLEW RED-EYE TODAY
♪ PRIVATE TO L.A.
♪ FIRST CLASS TO N.Y.
♪ FLEW G5 TO LOS "A"
♪ I BE HIGH UP IN THE SKY
♪ FROM HOUSTON TO M.I.A.
♪ WITH SOME GIRLS
♪ WHO LOOK LIKE THEY MODEL
♪ FOR OIL OF OLAY
♪ LET'S GET IT NOW ♪
WHEN NIKKO ASKED ME
TO DO THIS VIDEO,
HE SAID I WOULD BE
THE LEADING LADY.
BUT LEADING LADIES GET MORE
THAN TWO SECONDS ON THE SCREEN.
IT'S EXACTLY THE SAME VERSION
OF THE VIDEO I DIDN'T LIKE.
* WHAT YOU DO
♪ WHEN YOU NUMBER ONE
* I FLEW RED-EYE TODAY
♪ PRIVATE TO L.A.
♪ FIRST CLASS TO N.Y.
♪ FLEW G5 TO LOS "A"
[applause]
I PULLED UP TO THE SCENE.
I GO DOWNSTAIRS,
AND I SEE THIS VIDEO PLAYING.
I'M LIKE,
"WHAT THE [bleep]'S THIS?"
IT WAS TRASH.
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
[laughing]
OH, WOW.
WOW.
STEVIE, NIKKO.
NIKKO, STEVIE.
MR. JORDAN.
WHAT'S GOING ON, MAN?
YOU LOOK NICE.
I ALWAYS LOOK NICE.
WHAT'S GOING ON, HOMEY?
WHAT UP?
I'M GOOD.
WHAT YOU GOT?
IT'S A GIFT.
IT'S A NICE GIFT, YOU KNOW.
CAN I SEE?
I GOT A WATCH.
IT'S TICKING, THOUGH.
TICKING?
HOW THAT TICKING?
A REAL ROLY DON'T TICKTOCK.
YOU KNOW, ONLY A FAKE CAT
WOULD GIVE A FAKE ROLY.
BUT ME, I'M OFFICIAL.
I'MA SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS,
SON.
WAS THAT A GIFT?
YEAH, THIS IS SOMETHING REAL
RIGHT HERE.
I WANT TO SEE.
WHAT'S THAT?
WHY DON'T WE GO OUTSIDE
AND CHECK IT OUT?
I GOT A [bleep] BUYING YOU
SOMETHING OFF YOUR SHIRT
FOR ME.
THIS IS NOT REAL.
LISTEN, WE CAN HANDLE THIS
AS MEN.
THIS IS NOT REAL.
THAT'S HOW WE HANDLIN'.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
I'MA HANDLE [bleep], MAN.
I HANDLE [bleep].
YOU KNOW WHO I AM, RIGHT?
THIS AIN'T ABOUT YOU.
SO LISTEN--
WHAT IT'S ABOUT
IS THAT THAT'S FAKE,
AND THIS IS REAL.
[laughing]
YOU WANT TO GO
CHECK THIS CAR OUT?
COME SEE WHAT I GOT YOU.
I'D LOVE TO GO--
HOPEFULLY SHE GOT IT
MORE THAN A MONTH, THOUGH.
FALL BACK.
YOU SIT DOWN,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
THIS IS WHAT GANGSTAS DO.
CHECK THIS OUT.
IS THIS THE CAR?
YOU GIVE ME THIS,
THIS SHOULD BE MINE
WITH NO STRINGS ATTACHED.
YEAH, NO, NO, NO STRINGS.
IT'S ALL YOURS.
CONGRATULATIONS.
I WAS TRYING TO SHOW YOU
THE LARGE PICTURE.
ARE YOU [bleep] SERIOUS?
I SOUND DAMAGED?
YOU'RE SOUNDING
LIKE A DERANGED WOMAN.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
CHECK THIS OUT.
IS THIS THE CAR?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW?
I'M HERE FOR IT.
OOH.
CHECK IT OUT, COME ON.
OPEN THE DOOR.
OPEN THE--OPEN THE DOOR.
IT'S COLD OUTSIDE.
I DON'T KNOW
IF I TRUST STEVIE,
BUT IT IS KIND OF HARD
TO SAY NO TO A NEW BMW.
YOU GIVE ME THIS,
THIS SHOULD BE MINE
WITH NO STRINGS ATTACHED.
YEAH, NO, NO, NO STRINGS.
IT'S ALL YOURS.
COME ON.
HE SAID, "THERE WILL BE
NO STRINGS ATTACHED."
BUT WE ALL KNOW STEVIE J
AND HIS "WORD" AIN'T [bleep].
SO WE'LL SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
Y'ALL HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
THANKS FOR THE CAR.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
NOT YOU, OKAY?
YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU.
I'MA ALWAYS LOVE YOU,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
GET THAT ROLY CHECKED OUT.
IT'S LIKE...
[makes clicking sound]
IT'S LIKE A BOMB.
[bleep] BLOW.
THE BEST WAY TO MAKE
A WOMAN HAPPY
IS TO GIVE HER A LUXURY CAR.
MIMI'S THE HAPPIEST WHEN SHE'S
FOCUSED ON THE GOOD GUY,
NOT THESE WANNABE CHUMPS.
NAH.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
SEEN YOUR CAR?
HE GAVE ME A CAR.
YEAH?
WHAT KIND OF CAR IS IT?
BMW.
SO NOW THAT'S GOOD.
WE GONNA PUT THAT IN THE GARAGE.
AND WE GONNA ADD THAT
TO THE COLLECTION.
SO WHAT ELSE IS GOING ON
WITH YOU AND HIM?
THAT'S IT?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
I'M ASKING YOU.
YOU'RE ASKING ME WHAT?
DID YOU MOVE ON,
OR ARE YOU STILL ON THE BUS?
THAT'S MY DAUGHTER'S FATHER.
YEAH, WE KNOW THAT.
WE KNOW HE'S YOUR
DAUGHTER'S FATHER.
I'M NOT GRINDING THAT.
AND HE SHOULD'VE BOUGHT YOU
THIS CAR A LONG TIME AGO.
OKAY, SO WHAT IS
THE ARGUMENT?
ARGUMENT IS THAT I FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE DEFENDING HIM.
WE GONNA LET THAT RIDE.
LET'S, UH...
LET'S DRINK TO THE CAR
THAT HE JUST GAVE YOU.
SO WE SHOULD HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
WE SHOULD DRINK.
WE SHOULD TOAST.
AND WE SHOULD CONTINUE BUILDING,
RIGHT?
THAT'S WHAT WE DOING?
ARE WE?
NIKKO IS REALLY SHOWING
HIS ASS RIGHT NOW.
THE VIDEO'S [bleep] UP.
YOU ACTING LIKE A BITCH NOW
THAT MY BABY FATHER
GAVE ME A CAR.
I'M GOING TO EUROPE.
I'M GOING AROUND THE WORLD.
YOU READY TO GO AROUND THE
GLOBE, OR YOU WANT TO STAY
STUCK IN ATLANTA WITH STEVIE?
I DONE BEEN AROUND THE GLOBE.
WHAT YOU WANT--
I DONE BEEN AROUND
THE [bleep] GLOBE.
STUCK IN ATLANTA WITH STEVIE?
LET ME TELL YOU WHAT.
WHY YOU TALKING ABOUT STEVIE?
I'M MY OWN BITCH.
DON'T HAVE NOTHING TO DO
WITH NO [bleep] STEVIE.
WHY ARE YOU
BRINGING HIS NAME UP?
TAKE YOUR CAR KEYS.
TAKE YOUR 5 SERIES.
DON'T TELL ME
WHAT TO [bleep] TAKE.
YOU DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO TAKE.
YOU DON'T TELL ME
WHAT THE [bleep]--
CONVERSATION'S DONE, MAN.
LET'S TOAST.
SO...
WHAT THE--
TOAST?
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THIS--
WE'LL TALK ABOUT THIS LATER.
JUST TAKE...
YOU'RE DAMAGED.
WE GONNA TALK ABOUT THAT.
WE GONNA TALK ABOUT--
WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT
ME BEING [bleep] DAMAGED.
YOU'RE DAMAGED.
NIKKO HAS LOST HIS MIND,
CALLING ME DAMAGED GOODS.
IF I'M SO DAMAGED,
WHY ARE YOU WITH ME?
I WAS TRYING TO SHOW YOU
THE LARGE PICTURE.
ARE YOU [bleep] SERIOUS?
WE GOT TO GO.
I SOUND DAMAGED?
YOU SOUND LIKE
A DERANGED WOMAN.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
I SOUND DER--
YOU'RE DERANGED AND DAMAGED--
WHAT THE [bleep] IS GOING ON?
HUH?
YOU REALLY ABOUT TO PISS ME
THE [bleep] OFF.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SHE'S COMING WITH ME.
SHE'S NOT GOING NOWHERE--
SHE'S STAYING HERE.
STOP PULLING HER.
YOU'RE NOT STAYING HERE.
I CAN TALK ABOUT THIS--
DAMAGED.
GOT YOU.
I GOT YOU.
YEAH.
I'M GONNA BE A DERANGED,
DAMAGED BITCH.
GO BACK TO STEVIE.
NO, [bleep] YOU, [bleep].
ON THE NEXT LOVE & HIP-HOP:
ATLANTA...
* I'M SO HOT ♪
♪ FIRE COMING OUT
♪ MY [...] HOLE
I DON'T EVEN LOOK
15 MONTHS PREGNANT.
SWEETHEART, YOU AIN'T HAVE
NONE OF THAT THE LAST TIME
I SEEN YOU.
I'M DOING WHAT THE HELL
I SAID I WAS GONNA DO,
AND I'M MOVING FORWARD
WITH MY CAREER.
* RIGHT ABOVE MY A-A-A
I HAD NO REASON
TO HIT YOU,
NO REASON AT ALL.
I SHOULD'VE NEVER DID THAT
BECAUSE YOU'RE SOMEBODY
THAT I LOVE.
I MET WITH YOUR PROBATION
OFFICER THIS MORNING.
SHE WENT DOWN AND APPLIED
FOR A WARRANT FOR YOUR ARREST.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO--
SHUT THE [bleep] UP.
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO?
YOU'S A WINK, BITCH.
YOU WINKY.
YOU'S A WINK, BITCH!
WINK, BITCH!
DON'T [bleep] AROUND
WITH KIRK, MAN.
OKAY, OKAY.
WORD?
YO, KIRK'S AN ILL DUDE, MAN.
YOU KNOW, HIM AND RASHEEDA
GOING THROUGH A LITTLE THING,
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
THEY GOING THROUGH SOMETHING?
YO, SHE'S--YOU KNOW,
SHE'S PREGNANT.
OH.
AND HE'S TELLING ME, LIKE,
"I WAS PULLING OUT."
I WAS LIKE, "PULLING OUT?"
THAT STOPPED WORKING IN '93.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID!
[both laughing]
CALL HIM THE PULL-OUT ASSASSIN.
I TOLD HIM, BETTER OFF,
"IT'S A BOY!"